recalling your ship strategies. You're going thio counter all types out
there. So everything you've been talking to this point you're going
to use at some point in time you lost a guy you're gonna You can use
one thing that that you gotta remember at the end of the day, you
are still in charge. It's a lawful order carried out. And when it comes
down to that Okay, if that made you finally have to you're exasperated
internally, you know, and you're done. And now you've just been
saved because that is illegal. I've given you a legal order, carry
out the order not to carry out the order. Then there's going to be
consequences. Just going too fast. It's gonna be executive also investigation,
ex ally and the baby. You don't wanna go there, you know
early. You don't want to have a rush to judgment. You wanna try toe
have resolve the situation with every leadership skills in years and
you would have used that during your time with routine, especially
as officer, but you only to enjoy it every day is going different.
And every day there will be a new challenge. Every day you get way
up and figure out how you're going to execute the mission